MON ALPHABET EN FAMILLE — VOICES AND VIDEOS

LAPTOP TEST (no public hosting needed)
1. Extract this ZIP into a normal folder.
2. On Windows, double-click start-laptop.cmd. Python 3 must be installed.
   Or open a terminal in the folder and run:
     Windows:  py -3 start-laptop.py
     macOS/Linux: python3 start-laptop.py
3. Open http://localhost:8000 in Chrome on that same laptop.
   Keep using this same address and port to retain the same browser storage.
4. Choose Parents > Voix et videos > Video avec voix > Ouvrir la camera.
   Allow microphone and camera access. Preview, then Demarrer la video.
5. Stop, preview your clip, and choose Conserver ce clip.

A separate audio clip and video can be kept for each person and word.
The video plays when a letter is opened. Parents > Affichage > Videos de famille
switches to sound only. In the poster's listen-only mode, only sound is played.
Direct recordings stop after 30 seconds. Imported videos can be up to 60 seconds
and 25 MB; the browser must support the codec. MP4 and WebM are suggested.
You can record in another app and use Importer une video if device access fails.

The localhost server listens on this laptop only. Its address does not let a
tablet connect to the laptop. Use an HTTPS host when you want tablet access.
Opening index.html directly still supports playback and clip import, but PWA
installation and direct microphone/camera access require an appropriate origin.

OFFLINE USE
Wait for Pret hors ligne before disconnecting. Install from Chrome's menu if you
want an application shortcut. The cached app and locally stored clips work offline.
If this is an update to a previous installation, choose Parents > Sauvegarde >
Mettre a jour l'alphabet. Finish or discard any pending recording first.

FAMILY DATA AND BACKUPS
Photos, audio and videos stay in this browser on this device; the application does
not upload them. They do not automatically follow you to a different URL or device.
Use Parents > Sauvegarde > Sauvegarder les clips, then Importer une sauvegarde at
the destination. Old audio-only JSON backups remain supported. New backups include
both audio and videos. Import replaces the current family collection after confirmation.
Exporter mon alphabet creates a standalone HTML copy containing the entire family
collection. Videos make these exported files larger. Keep backups outside the browser.

LATER: GITHUB PAGES OR ANOTHER STATIC HTTPS HOST
The ready-to-host application files are:
  index.html, sw.js, manifest.webmanifest, icon.svg, icon-192.png, icon-512.png,
  and .nojekyll (included in this ZIP, sometimes hidden by the file manager).
No build, application server, account system, or backend database is required.

For GitHub Pages, place those files at your repository's publishing root, then
choose that branch and root folder under Settings > Pages. Use the HTTPS URL
GitHub provides. All application paths are relative, including service-worker scope,
so a project URL such as https://USERNAME.github.io/REPOSITORY/ is supported.
Do not upload a personalized HTML export or a family backup to a public repository.
Use the blank index.html from this ZIP and import family clips privately in the app.

Changing host changes the browser storage origin. Export first, then import at the
new address. Keep the old copy until you have checked the imported collection.

Permissions help in the parent studio reports detected secure-context or hosting
policy restrictions. It cannot override Chrome, operating-system, or hosting policy.

Documentation:
https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia
